{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 WITNESS R.E.P\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Product Requirements Document (PRD)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Version 1.0 | May 2026\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Product Overview
\f1\b0 \
Witness R.E.P is a free, encrypted civil rights Progressive Web App designed to protect people during police encounters, arrests, and public incidents. The app automatically encrypts footage, generates tamper proof legal certificates, sends SOS alerts to trusted contacts, and enables livestreaming to nearby users. It requires no subscription, contains no ads, and is built on the principle that protecting yourself should never cost money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Problem Statement
\f1\b0 \
Every year thousands of people record incidents of police misconduct, wrongful arrests, and civil rights violations on their phones. The footage is deleted by officers, destroyed when phones are seized, dismissed in court for lack of metadata, or simply never reaches a lawyer in time. The people who need protection the most have the fewest tools to protect their evidence.\
Existing apps like ACLU Mobile Justice are limited to 18 states and lack cryptographic verification. Citizen costs $19.99 per month and prioritizes alerts over evidence. No app on the market combines instant recording, military grade encryption, tamper proof legal certificates, and real time SOS alerts in one free tool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Target Users
\f1\b0 \
Primary users are people in high risk interactions with law enforcement including traffic stops, arrests, protests, and street encounters. Secondary users are civil rights lawyers, investigative journalists, legal observers, and community organizations who need verified digital evidence.\
The initial focus is New York City with expansion to all 50 states and eventually global markets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Core Value Proposition
\f1\b0 \
Witness R.E.P is not a recording app. It is a truth machine. Every recording generates a cryptographically verified Witness Certificate that proves the footage was never altered, making it court admissible evidence from the moment the record button is pressed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Product Goals
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Launch publicly with a working PWA accessible from any phone browser\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Achieve 500 downloads in the first 30 days\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Generate first grant application within 60 days of launch\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reach 10,000 users within 6 months\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Submit to Google Play within 90 days of launch\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Feature Requirements
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Must have for launch, P0:
\f1\b0 \
Camera opens instantly on app launch with no loading screen or navigation required. Recording starts with one tap and stops with one tap. Video is encrypted with AES-256-GCM before saving. SHA-256 hash is generated for every recording. GPS coordinates, timestamp, and device ID are embedded in metadata. Witness Certificate PDF is generated automatically after every recording. Public verify page allows anyone to confirm a certificate is authentic. S3 cloud upload begins simultaneously with recording. SOS sends SMS to trusted contacts with GPS location and watch link. Livestream via Mux with GO LIVE button. Map shows active streams and public recordings. Phone and email authentication via Supabase. Vault is PIN protected. PWA is installable from browser. App works on both iPhone and Android.\

\f0\b Should have for launch, P1:
\f1\b0 \
Decoy PIN system with two isolated encrypted vaults. Know Your Rights screen for all 50 states. Incident categories for recordings. Feedback button. Biometric unlock. Emergency detained button triggering recording SOS and location simultaneously. Automatic state detection showing rights reminder on open. Front and back camera switch. Flash toggle.\

\f0\b Nice to have for launch, P2:
\f1\b0 \
Audio only recording mode. Timestamp watermark on exported video. Auto transcription. Evidence package export bundle. Witness network. Community alert system. Safe corridor with auto SOS. Scheduled check in.\

\f0\b Future, P3:
\f1\b0 \
Apple Watch integration. Capacitor native wrapper for App Store. Background recording. Mesh networking. Zero knowledge architecture. International expansion. AI transcription with key phrase flagging.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Technical Requirements
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PWA with service worker for offline functionality\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 React and TypeScript frontend\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TanStack Router for navigation\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tailwind CSS for styling\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Supabase for authentication, database, and server functions\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AWS S3 for encrypted video storage\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mux for livestreaming via WHIP protocol\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Leaflet for maps with CartoDB Dark Matter tiles\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Twilio Verify for phone OTP authentication\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 VAPID web push for notifications\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AES-256-GCM encryption via Web Crypto API\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SHA-256 hashing for tamper proof certificates\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 jsPDF for certificate and cover letter generation\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Background sync for offline upload queue\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IndexedDB for local encrypted storage\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Non Functional Requirements
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 App must open and be ready to record in under 2 seconds\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Recording must start in under 1 second of button tap\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Upload must begin within 5 seconds of recording stopping\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 App must work on iOS Safari 16 and above and Chrome Android 90 and above\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vault must be inaccessible without correct PIN\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No user data is ever sold or shared with advertisers\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No ads of any kind ever\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Design Requirements
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Black background always\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Red accents for all interactive elements\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 White text throughout\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Camera screen is the home screen with no navigation required to reach it\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All buttons must be minimum 56px tap targets for one handed use\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dark theme only with optional light mode in settings\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mobile first layout optimized for portrait orientation\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Minimal UI so nothing distracts from the camera\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Success Metrics
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Time to first recording under 10 seconds from install\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Recording success rate above 99 percent\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Certificate generation success rate above 99 percent\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SOS delivery success rate above 95 percent\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 App load time under 2 seconds on 4G connection\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vault unlock success rate above 99 percent\
}